## What Is It
DNS tunneling is a common technique used to bypass proxy, IPS, and firewall filters.
As DNS requests are typically allowed from even very restrictive environments, DNS tunneling can be an excellent technique to reach the outside world.

## How It Works
In order to establish communication between two hosts using DNS traffic, we need to control both ends of the communication: the client that makes the requests, and the DNS server.
This typically means that we must purchase a domain and under its configuration, set the NS record to our DNS tunnel server. This will cause the DNS server to forward all subdomain requests to our server.

**Client Side**
We can communicate between hosts by encapsulating our malicious data in legitimate DNS packets.
We can encapsulate data into the _name_ field, which contains the domain name. However, since the top-level domain is fixed, we can only encapsulate data as subdomains.

**Server Side**
We can return data in a variety of fields based on the record type that was requested.
An "A" record can only contain IPv4 addresses, which means we can only store four bytes of information, but "TXT" records allow up to 64k.

**Circumventing Issues**
Proper tunneling tools account for various issues such as _DNS retransmission_, in which the client resends queries because it didn't receive an answer in time, or _DNS caching_, in which the client caches the result of DNS queries.
Full-featured tools can potentially tunnel arbitrary TCP/IP traffic (as opposed to the simple data in our example) and can also encrypt data.