## Defense Solutions
We may encounter multiple defense solutions that can pose a threat to our command and control (C2) infrastructure. 
Analysing the strengths, weaknesses and the details of such defense solutions is important as they can effect our penetration test.

## Internet Edge
The Internet edge is the network infrastructure that provides connectivity to the Internet and that acts as the gateway for the enterprise to the rest of the cyberspace.
Although this model considers both ingress (inbound) and egress (outbound) traffic, in this case we will focus on the latter, since it is assumed that we have already compromised the target network and control one or more systems within.

 Commonly, outbound traffic is routed through a series of systems where it is inspected and processed before routing it to the Internet or blocking it due to a violation.

 Many tools can be used in this model: 
 - IP address filters
 - Intrusion Detection Systems (IDS)
 - Web Proxies

These tools can perform [deep packet inspection](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deep_packet_inspection) analyzing the entirety of network application layer's content.

**DNS servers**
If the outbound traffic relies on name resolution, some edge DNS servers may perform _domain filtering_, which can deny disallowed domains.

**Internal Firewalls**
Allowed outbound traffic will pass through an internal firewall, which will generally limit traffic based on IP address and port number.

**SSL decryption**
The traffic may pass through an _SSL inspection device_, which essentially performs SSL decryption and re-encryption, allowing the device to inspect SSL-encrypted traffic. The traffic is typically re-encrypted when it leaves this zone.

**Proxy Server/IDS**
If the traffic is still allowed, it may next pass through a traffic filter, like a proxy server or an IDS, and the data may be copied to a full packet capture device.

**External Firewalls**
The traffic may pass through an external firewall that may filter egress traffic (in addition to filtering ingress traffic as expected).

