## The First Defense Solution
When confronting a DNS filter, our goal is to select a domain that appears legitimate, is likely allowed by the target's policy, and not blocked.

It may seem logical to register a new domain, but it may be categorized as a [_Newly Seen Domain_](https://support.umbrella.com/hc/en-us/articles/235911828-Newly-Seen-Domains-Security-Category).
This can be equally detrimental to the reputation score, since penetration testers and malware authors often use brand new domains.
Domains in this category are often less than one week old and are relatively unused, lacking inquiries and traffic.

In most cases, we should pre-populate a web site on our domain with seemingly harmless content (like a cooking blog) to earn a harmless category classification.

A domain name consisting of legitimate-sounding text is less suspicious than a domain consisting of random numbers and characters, especially when examined by [_natural language processing_](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Natural_language_processing) filtering systems.

One technique popularized by malware authors and penetration testers is known as [_typo-squatting_](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Typosquatting) which leverages subtle changes in recognizable domain names.
For example: instead of Facebook.com we use Faceb00k.com

We must be aware of the status of the IP address of our C2 server. If the IP has been flagged as malicious, some defensive solutions may block the traffic.
This is especially common on shared hosting sites in which one IP address hosts multiple websites.

**In Summary**
We should ensure that our domains are in a likely-permissible category and we should have several domains prepared in advance so we can swap them out as needed during an engagement.