## What Are Web Proxies?
Web proxy servers accept and forward web traffic on behalf of a client, for example, a web browser.
This is often done in a _Network Address Translation_ (NAT) environment, in which the internal private source IP addresses are translated into Internet-routable addresses.

By acting as a _Man-In-The-Middle_ (MITM), a web proxy is an excellent single-unit defensive tool that can perform URL and IP filtering and HTTPS inspection.

Even if the traffic is allowed, the request details, like common HTTP headers (Host, User-Agent, Referer, etc) as well as the request method and resource path will almost certainly be logged.

### Dealing With Web Proxy
When dealing with proxy servers, we should first ensure that our payload is proxy-aware. When our payload tries to connect back to the C2 server, it must detect local proxy settings, and implement those settings instead of trying to connect to the given domain directly.
Meterpreter's HTTP/S payload is proxy-aware, (_InternetSetOptionA_ API), so we can leverage that.

We must ensure that the domain and URL are clean and that our C2 server is safely categorized as defined by our client's policy rules.

If the client has deployed a URL verification or categorization system, like those provided by [Cyren](https://www.cyren.com/security-center/url-category-check) [Symantec Bluecoat](https://sitereview.bluecoat.com/) or [Checkpoint](https://urlcat.checkpoint.com/urlcat/) we should factor their policy settings into our bypass strategy.

We could also grab a seemingly-safe domain by hosting our C2 in a cloud service or _Content Delivery Network_ (CDN), which auto-assigns a generic domain. These could include domains such as cloudfront.net, wordpress.com, or azurewebsites.net. These types of domains are often auto-allowed since they are used by legitimate websites and hosting services.

Moreover,
Instead of simply generating custom TCP traffic on ports 80 or 443, our session should conform to HTTP protocol standards.
for this, many framework payloads, including Metasploit's Meterpreter, follow the standards as they use HTTP APIs like _HttpOpenRequestA_.

We'll also need to ensure that we set our User-Agent to a browser type that is permitted by the organization.
A User-Agent for Chrome running on macOS will likely raise suspicion or might be blocked.
In order to determine an allowed User-Agent string, we could consider social engineering or we could sniff HTTP packets from our internal point of presence.


