## IDS and IPS Sensors
Traditionally, network Intrusion Detection Systems (IDS) or Intrusion Prevention Systems (IPS) protect against incoming malicious traffic.
IPS is an active device sitting in-line of the traffic and can block traffic, while a traditional IDS is a passive device which does not sit inline and is designed to only alert.

Signatures are often created by malware analysts using methods similar to antivirus signature creation and must be very specifically tuned for accuracy.

**Meterpreter case**
Didier Stevens created a Snort rule to detect Meterpreter and his process is a great example of both traffic analysis and IDS/IPS rule creation.
1. The client sends an HTTP POST request.
2. The URI follows a consistent pattern.
3. It begins with a checksum of four or five alphanumeric characters followed by an underscore and sixteen random alphanumeric characters.
4. A wireshark stream reveals the POST URI as well as a four-byte payload containing a "RECV" string.
5. This request was hardcoded in Meterpreter's source code, and creates an easily-identifiable pattern, which is a perfect candidate for an IPS signature.

**Cobalt Strike**
Fox-It discovered that the popular Cobalt Strike C2 framework deviated from the HTTP protocol standard
1. They observed a single extraneous space following the HTTP Protocol specifier.
2. Based on this, they published a rule designed to detect the use of Cobalt Strike in use on a network.

## Bypassing Norton(Case Study)
Although this product can detect and block standard Meterpreter sessions, it is signature-based, which means we can bypass it with simple network traffic modifications.

The product detects the standard Meterpreter HTTPS certificate.

Thus, to bypass it, we will be creating our own self-signed certificate.
We can do this by 2 ways.

One option is to manually create a self-signed certificate with _openssl_, which allows us full control over the certificate details.

We use the following command to generate a self-signed certificate:
```sh
openssl req -new -x509 -nodes -out cert.crt -keyout priv.key
```

We must create a .pem file by simply concatenating the key and certificate with cat.
```sh
cat priv.key cert.crt > nasa.pem
```

We also must change the _CipherString_ in the /etc/ssl/openssl.cnf config file or our reverse HTTPS shell will not work properly.
From "CipherString=DEFAULT@SECLEVEL=2" string, we will remove the "@SECLEVEL=2" string, as the _SECLEVEL_ option limits the usable hash and cypher functions in an SSL or TLS connection. We'll set this to "DEFAULT", which allows all.

Finally, we'll configure Metasploit to use our newly-created certificate through the _HandlerSSLCert_ option, which we'll set to the path of our nasa.pem file with:
```sh
set HandlerSSLCert /home/kali/self_cert/nasa.pem
```

navigating to our listener, the norton HBIPS has been bypassed.

