## Full Packet Capture Devices
These devices do not typically sit inline with network traffic, but rather on a network tap, which will capture the traffic. These devices are typically used during post-incident forensic investigations.
These devices can also be used for deep packet inspection and protocol analysis of the traffic and can generate rich, searchable metadata. Experienced users can use this data to detect malicious traffic.

These devices need not neccessarily be evaded, but can be simply bypassed using low-profile methods.
Before using any tool or framework, we should view our traffic in a test lab with a tool like Wireshark to determine if the tool is generating realistic-looking traffic.
Since these solutions typically log geolocation data, we should also consider this as part of our bypass strategy, especially the perceived location of our C2 server.

## HTTPS Inspection
In HTTPS Inspection, traffic is decrypted and unpacked, inspected and then repacked, and encrypted again.
From an architectural standpoint, this is often done at the Internet Edge zone.
Because decrypting and re-encrypting traffic is very expensive and complex, most environments perform this process on a dedicated device.

There is no easy way to bypass HTTPS inspection devices. If we are using HTTPS, we must simply assume that our traffic will be inspected and try to keep a low profile.

One way to do this is to abort a payload if we suspect that it is being inspected. We can do this with [_TLS Certificate Pinning_](https://github.com/rapid7/metasploit-framework/wiki/Meterpreter-HTTP-Communication#tls-certificate-pinning) in Meterpreter. 
Using this technique, we can specify the certificate that will be trusted. Meterpreter will then compare the hash of the certificates and if there is a mismatch, it will terminate itself. 

This can be controlled by setting the _StagerVerifySSLCert_ option to "true" and configuring _HandlerSSLCert_ with the certificate we trust and want to use.

We can also try to categorize the target domain of our traffic to reduce the likelihood of inspection.