## Autocommands
VIM also gives the ability for a user (or in our case, an attacker) to define actions to be performed when various trigger conditions occur. This is done through the use of [_autocommands_](http://vimdoc.sourceforge.net/htmldoc/autocmd.html).
We can use :autocmd in a VIM configuration file or in the editor to set actions for a collection of predefined events.

 We can perform our actions based on the BufWritePost event in VIM. This activates once a buffer has already been written to the intended file.
 We can define an autocommand using the _autocmd_ keyword. We then specify which autocommand trigger we want to use, then identify which files we want it to act on.
 In the following command:
 ```Vim
:autocmd BufWritePost * :silent :w! >> /tmp/hackedfromvim.txt
```
1. We start by specifying that we're defining an autocommand via :autocmd
2. BufWritePost is the event we're going to trigger on
3. The "\*" specifies that this action will be performed for all files being edited.
4. We specify that there shouldn't be any debug output by using the :silent command.
5. We then use :w! to save the buffer contents.
6. We then redirect the output to append to /tmp/hackedfromvim.txt.

For stealth, we can use the ~/.vim/plugin directory to load this as a plugin once vim has initiated.

## If/Else?
This approach is useful, but it logs the entire contents of the changed file to our log file for every file the target user edits.
it's possible to access environment variables from within VIM, including which user the application is running as.
VIM supports the use of basic _if_ statements in its configuration scripts in this manner.
```Vim
:if <some condition>
:<some command>
:else
:<some alternative command>
:endif
```

We can use the following vim script to check if the user is running as root:
```Vim
:if $USER == "root"
:autocmd BufWritePost * :silent :w! >> /tmp/hackedfromvim.txt
:endif
```
