## Sleep timers
One of the oldest behavior analysis bypass techniques revolves around time delays.
If an application is running in a simulator and the heuristics engine encounters a pause or sleep instruction, it will "fast forward" through the delay to the point that the application resumes its actions.
One simple way to take advantage of this is with the Win32 _Sleep_ API, which suspends the execution of the calling thread for the amount of time specified.
If this section of code is being simulated, the emulator will detect the _Sleep_ call and fast-forward through the instruction.
If our program observes, that the sleep duration inside it, is being "fast forwarded", it assumes that it's running in a simulator and can simply exit before any suspect code is run.


## Building the code
We start by going back to our C# shellcode runner and importing the _Sleep_ Win32 API using P/Invoke and calling it in the _main_ method:
```C#
[DllImport("kernel32.dll")]
static extern void Sleep(uint dwMilliseconds);
        
static void Main(string[] args)
{
    DateTime t1 = DateTime.Now;
    Sleep(2000);
    double t2 = DateTime.Now.Subtract(t1).TotalSeconds;
    if(t2 < 1.5)
    {
        return;
    }
```

This code does the following:
1. We use the _DateTime_ object and its associated _Now_method to fetch the local computer's current date and time.
2.  We use the _Subtract_ method and convert this into seconds with the _TotalSeconds_ property.
3.  We try to determine if the _Sleep_ call has been emulated by inspecting the time lapse.
4. If the time lapse is less than 1.5 seconds, we can assume the call was emulated and simply exit instead of executing shellcode.

Compiling this code with our ceaser cypher encrypted C# shellcode runner, the number of antiviruses detecting our shellcode goes down to 6/26 from 7/26.


