## What's this?
Antivirus emulator engines only simulate the execution of most common executable file formats and functions.
we can attempt to bypass detection with a function (typically a Win32 API) that is either incorrectly emulated or is not emulated at all.

There are 2 ways for this approach:
1. Re-engineering the antivirus (time consuming and complex)
2. Test out various APIs against the AV engine(guess work)

The general concept is that when the AV emulator encounters a non-emulated API, its execution will fail. In these cases, our malicious program will have a chance to detect AV emulation by simply testing the API result and comparing it with the expected result.

Considering the use of _VirtualAllocExNuma_ The "Numa" suffix (which refers to a system design to optimize memory usage on multi-processor servers) makes this a relatively uncommon API.
In essence, this API allocates memory just like _VirtualAllocEx_ but it is optimized to be used with a specific CPU.

As this is an uncommonly used API, it's bound to happen, that AV vendors, would disregard this API.

We can import the API as follows:
```C#
[DllImport("kernel32.dll", SetLastError = true, ExactSpelling = true)]
static extern IntPtr VirtualAllocExNuma(IntPtr hProcess, IntPtr lpAddress, 
    uint dwSize, UInt32 flAllocationType, UInt32 flProtect, UInt32 nndPreferred);
```

Looking at the arguments, we see that we need a process handle, we can do this by importing and calling the _GetCurrentProcess_ API as follows:
```C#
[DllImport("kernel32.dll")]
static extern IntPtr GetCurrentProcess();
```

All other arguments are similar to _VirtualAllocEx_ and can be used in the same way as in our previous sections.
However, the final argument, we must specify the target NUMA node for the allocation.
We specify the value to be "0" for no node.

We call the function as follows:
```C#
IntPtr mem = VirtualAllocExNuma(GetCurrentProcess(), IntPtr.Zero, 0x1000, 0x3000, 0x4, 0);
if(mem == null)
{
    return;
}
```
If the API is not emulated and the code is run by the AV emulator, it will not return a valid address, and so we simply exit out of the application.

Inserting this in Antiscan.Me, we find that our detection has been reduced to 4/26 antivirus products.

