## Defining Argument Types
Now that we can resolve addresses of the Win32 APIs, we must define the argument types.

We need to start by resolving the information about number of function's arguments and their data types to the function's memory address.
In C#, this is done by the [_GetDelegateForFunctionPointer_](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.runtime.interopservices.marshal.getdelegateforfunctionpointer?view=netframework-4.8) 
note: In C#, a function prototype is known as a _Delegate_

We can declare a delegate in C# for a function as follows:
```C#
int delegate MessageBoxSig(IntPtr hWnd, String text, String caption, int options);
```

However, there is no equivalent to the _delegate_ keyword in PowerShell so we must obtain this in a different manner.
We will do this by first manually creating an assembly and then populating it with content.

We start by creating a new assembly object using the [AssemblyName](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.reflection.assemblyname?view=netframework-4.8) class and assign it a name.
The code is as follows:
```Powershell
$MyAssembly = New-Object System.Reflection.AssemblyName('ReflectedDelegate')
```
Here, we created a variable and set it to the instantiated assembly object with a name.

This assembly needs to be an executable and not saved on the disk for our evasion to be right on it's track.
We can do this with the [_DefineDynamicAssembly_](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.reflection.emit.assemblybuilder.definedynamicassembly?view=netframework-4.8) method.
This will take 2 arguements:
1. The custom assembly name
2. Access mode (We set it as an executable by supplying the Run access mode in the _System.Reflection.Emit.AssemblyBuilderAccess_ namespace)

Code:
```Powershell
$Domain = [AppDomain]::CurrentDomain
$MyAssemblyBuilder = $Domain.DefineDynamicAssembly($MyAssembly, 
  [System.Reflection.Emit.AssemblyBuilderAccess]::Run)
```

We can now start populating the assembly with content.

We start by creating our main building block i.e. a Module. We will do this throught the [_DefineDynamicModule_](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.reflection.emit.assemblybuilder.definedynamicmodule?view=netframework-4.8) method.
The method takes 2 arguments:
1. A custom name
2. Boolean(Wheather to include symbol information)

```Powershell
$MyModuleBuilder = $MyAssemblyBuilder.DefineDynamicModule('InMemoryModule', $false)
```

We will now use the [_DefineType_](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.reflection.emit.modulebuilder.definetype?view=netframework-4.8#System_Reflection_Emit_ModuleBuilder_DefineType_System_String_System_Reflection_TypeAttributes_) method to zcreate a custom type.
For this, we set 3 arguments:
1. A custom name
2. A combined list attributes for the type:
			- Class (For the type to be a class)
			- Public (For it to be accessible)
			- Sealed (For it to be non-extendable)
			- AnsiClass (For it to use ASCII instead of Unicode)
			- AutoClass (For it to be interpreted automatically)
3. The type it builds on top of

We build our custom type as follows:
```Powershell
$MyTypeBuilder = $MyModuleBuilder.DefineType('MyDelegateType', 
  'Class, Public, Sealed, AnsiClass, AutoClass', [System.MulticastDelegate])
```
(We use the System.MulticastDelegate to create a delegate with multiple entries)

We can now proceed to put the function prototype inside the custom type and let it become our custom delegate!
We do this by defining a constructor with the [_DefineConstructor_](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.reflection.emit.typebuilder.defineconstructor?view=netframework-4.8) method. which takes 3 arguments:
1. Attributes for the constructor itself, defined with the [_MethodAttributes Enum_](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.reflection.methodattributes?view=netframework-4.8). We chose RTSpecialName, HideBySig and Public, for it to be referenced by both, by name and signature, and also make it public.
2. Calling the convention for the constructor. This will define how the arguments and return values are handled by the .NET framework. We chose the fefault calling convention by \[System.Reflection.CallingConventions]::Standard enum value.
3. Defining the data types of the constructor.

The code looks as follows:
```Powershell
$MyConstructorBuilder = $MyTypeBuilder.DefineConstructor(
  'RTSpecialName, HideBySig, Public', 
    [System.Reflection.CallingConventions]::Standard, 
      @([IntPtr], [String], [String], [int]))
```

Our constructor has been created, however, before calling it, we need to set a few implementation flags.
We will use [_SetImplementationFlags_](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.reflection.emit.constructorbuilder.setimplementationflags?view=netframework-4.8) method for this.
We will use the values _Runtime_ and _Managed_ since the code is used at runtime and is managed code.
The code for above is as follows:
```Powershell
$MyConstructorBuilder.SetImplementationFlags('Runtime, Managed')
```

The function is ready to be called.
However, we need to tell the .NET framework, the function prototype to be used in calling of the function.
For this, we will define the Invoke method.

We first use the [_DefineMethod_](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.reflection.emit.typebuilder.definemethod?view=netframework-4.8) to create and specify the settings for the Invoke method.

The method takes 4 arguments:
1. The name of the method.
2. The attributes for the method
		- We choose Public, HideBySig,(discussed previously) NewSlot and Virtual, these 2, indicate that the method is virtual and ensure that always gets a new slot in the vtable.
3. The return type of the function.
4. The data types of the function

The code is as follows:
```Powershell
$MyMethodBuilder = $MyTypeBuilder.DefineMethod('Invoke', 
  'Public, HideBySig, NewSlot, Virtual', 
    [int], 
      @([IntPtr], [String], [String], [int]))
```

We need to set implementation flags for this as well like so:
```Powershell
$MyMethodBuilder.SetImplementationFlags('Runtime, Managed')
```

We can now finally call our custom constructor with the CreateType method:
```Powershell
$MyDelegateType = $MyTypeBuilder.CreateType()
```

