## What is it?
We can use the Windows Debugger, also known as _WinDbg_, to inspect or modify code execution at the assembly level on both 32-bit and 64-bit versions of Windows.

Various features we need to know are:
1. Pressing f6 - opens a prompt to attach a process
2. The debugger has 2 main windows:
			- Disassembly window
			- Command window
3. Once WinDbg attaches to the process, it pauses the application execution flow so that we can interact with the process through the debugger.
4. We can set a breakpoint with the bp command followed by a memory address or the name of a function.(eg: bp kernel32!writefile)
5. After defining the breakpoint we'll continue execution with the **g** command
6. When any thread reaches the function, the debugger will stop the execution flow, and we can view and modify registers and memory.
7. We can step through a single assembly instruction at a time with the **p** command
8. We can unassemble (u) a specific address location, typically RIP. We can use the L flag to specify the number of instructions to display(eg: u rip L5)
9. We can view all registers with the r command
10. We can also inspect individual registers by specifying the name of the register(r rax)
11.  if a register contains a valid address, we can inspect the content of that memory area with the **dd**, **dc**, and **dq** commands
12. dd - dumps memory content formatted in 32-bit values
13. dc - same as dd but with ASCII representation
14. dq - dumps memory content formatted in 64-bit values
15. we could modify a memory location to force an execution path that could aid or speed up our analysis using the **ed** command(eg: ed rsp 0)
