## Access Token Theory
An access token is created by the kernel upon user authentication and contains important values that are linked to a specific user through the SID.
Access tokens are stored inside the kernel, which prevents us from directly interacting with the token or modifying it.

Windows defines four integrity levels, which determine the level of access:
- Low
- Medium
- High
- System

Local administrators receive two access tokens when authenticating:
1. configured to create processes as medium integrity.
2. elevated token that allows the process to run at high integrity. (when "Run As Administrator" is used)

Privileges are also included in the access token. They are a set of predefined operating system access rights that govern which actions a process can perform.

Within the access token, privileges are controlled by two bitmasks:
1. sets the privileges that are present for that specific token(cannot be modified through any API inside the same logon session)
2. registers if the present privileges are enabled or disabled and may be dynamically updated through the Win32 [_AdjustTokenPrivilege_ ](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/api/securitybaseapi/nf-securitybaseapi-adjusttokenprivileges) API

We can easily view the available privileges for the current user with:
```sh
whoami /priv
```

## Privilege Modification
The _SeShutdownPrivilege_ privilege allows the user to reboot or shutdown the computer.
Since it is listed in the output, it is present in the access token, but it is also disabled.

If we choose to shut down the computer through the shutdown command, the back-end code will enable the privilege with _AdjustTokenPrivileges_ and then perform the required actions to power off the operating system.

While it is impossible to modify the set of privileges that are associated with an active logon session, it is however possible to add additional privileges that will take effect after the targeted user account logs out and logs back in.
This can be done using the Win32 [_LsaAddAccountRights_](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-gb/windows/win32/api/ntsecapi/nf-ntsecapi-lsaaddaccountrights) API, but it is performed using group policy or secpol.msc.

For instance, if we were to start secpol.msc and apply the privilege of SeLoadDriverPrivilege(permission to load a kernel driver), to a user, the current token would not be modified, rather, a new one would be created in a new log in session.


There are 2 main types of access tokens.
1. User's Primary Token(created during authentication)
2. Impersonation Token

Furthermore, impersonation token has 4 levels:
- Anonymous
- Identification
- Impersonation
- Delegation

Anonymous and Identification only allow enumeration of information.
Whereas, Impersonation, allows impersonation of the client's identity.

Finally, Delegation, makes it possible to perform sequential access control checks across multiple machines.