## Abusing SeImpersonatePrivilege
_SeImpersonatePrivilege_ allows us to impersonate any token for which we can get a reference, or _handle_.
If we have the _SeImpersonatePrivilege_ privilege we can often use the Win32 [_DuplicateTokenEx_](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/api/securitybaseapi/nf-securitybaseapi-duplicatetokenex) API to create a primary token from an impersonation token and create a new process in the context of the impersonated user.
When no tokens related to other user accounts are available in memory, we can likely force the SYSTEM account to give us a token that we can impersonate.


We will be exploiting SeImpersonatePrivilege using windows pipes.
The attack an force the SYSTEM account to connect to a named pipe set up by an attacker.

It is based on the print spooler service, which is started by default and runs in a SYSTEM context.
The attack is based on the fact that, the print spooler monitors printer object changes and sends change notifications to print clients by connecting to their respective named pipes.

If we can create a process running with the _SeImpersonatePrivilege_ privilege that simulates a print client, we will obtain a SYSTEM token that we can impersonate.

For this, we will create a C# application in VS.

The first key component of this attack is the [_ImpersonateNamedPipeClient_](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/api/namedpipeapi/nf-namedpipeapi-impersonatenamedpipeclient) API, which allows impersonation of the token from the account that connects to the pipe if the server has _SeImpersonatePrivilege_.
When _ImpersonateNamedPipeClient_ is called, the calling thread will use the impersonated token instead of its default token.

We start by using use the Win32 [_CreateNamedPipe_](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/api/winbase/nf-winbase-createnamedpipea) [_ConnectNamedPipe_](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/api/namedpipeapi/nf-namedpipeapi-connectnamedpipe) and _ImpersonateNamedPipeClient_ APIs.


