## Impersonation
The effect of the **EXECUTE AS** clause is that the execution context is switched to the proxy user.
When an **EXECUTE AS** statement is run, the execution context of the session is switched to the specified login or user name.

It is important to note that only users with the explicit Impersonate permission are able to use impersonation.

This misconfiguration can be exploited in 2 ways:
1. It's possible to impersonate a different user at the login level with the _EXECUTE AS LOGIN_ statement.
2. This can also be done at the user level with the _EXECUTE AS USER_ statement.

**Impersonation at login**
We are able to enumerate which logins allow impersonation, but not who is given the permission to impersonate them.
This can be done with the following sql query: 
```sql
SELECT distinct b.name FROM sys.server_permissions a INNER JOIN sys.server_principals b ON a.grantor_principal_id = b.principal_id WHERE a.permission_name = 'IMPERSONATE'
```

This query uses information from the [_sys.server_permissions_](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/relational-databases/system-catalog-views/sys-server-permissions-transact-sql?view=sql-server-ver15) table, which contains information related to permissions, and the [_sys.server_principals_](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/relational-databases/system-catalog-views/sys-server-principals-transact-sql?view=sql-server-ver15) table, which contains information about logins on the server.
The _WHERE_ clause limits results to permissions relevant to impersonation.
The _FROM_ clause combines records from the sys.server_permissions table and the sys.server_principals table through the _grantor_principal_id_ and _principal_id_ fields.
The _SELECT_ clause returns, by name, all unique principals from the sys.server_principals table that match these conditions.

We edit our c# application with the following code:
```C#
String query = "SELECT distinct b.name FROM sys.server_permissions a INNER JOIN sys.server_principals b ON a.grantor_principal_id = b.principal_id WHERE a.permission_name = 'IMPERSONATE';";
            SqlCommand command = new SqlCommand(query, con);
            SqlDataReader reader = command.ExecuteReader();

            while(reader.Read() == true)
            {
              Console.WriteLine("Logins that can be impersonated: " + reader[0]);
            }
            reader.Close();
```

This reveals that the _sa_ login allows impersonation.
we update our C# to list the login name before and after impersonation with the help of "SELECT SYSTEM_USER" command.

To execute the command as impersonated login we will use the following code:
```C#
String executeas = "EXECUTE AS LOGIN = 'sa';";

command = new SqlCommand(executeas, con);
reader = command.ExecuteReader();
reader.Close();
```

This reveals that we can impersonate the _sa_ login.
This effectively gives us database server administrative privileges.

**Impersonation At User**
There are two prerequisites to this type of privilege escalation:
1. Impersonation must have been granted to our user for a different user that has additional role memberships, preferably the sysadmin role.
2. A database user can only perform actions on a given database. This means that impersonation of a user with sysadmin role membership in a database does not necessarily lead to server-wide sysadmin role membership. the database user we impersonate must be in a database that has the [_TRUSTWORTHY_](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/relational-databases/security/trustworthy-database-property?view=sql-server-ver15) property set.

The only native database with the TRUSTWORTHY property enabled is _msdb_.
Also, the _database owner_ (dbo) user has the sysadmin role.

We will edit our previous c# code to, first switching to the msdb database and then executing the "EXECUTE AS USER" statement.
we replace the use of "SELECT SYSTEM_USER" with "SELECT USER_NAME()" and change the previous "EXECUTE AS LOGIN" statement.

This lets us impersonate the dbo user and obtain sysadmin role membership.
