## The Theory
The Microsoft implementation of the Kerberos authentication protocol was adopted from the Kerberos version 5 authentication protocol created by MIT and has been Microsoft's primary authentication mechanism since Windows Server 2003.
Windows-based Kerberos authentication uses a ticket system.

Kerberos client authentication to a service in Active Directory involves the use of a domain controller in the role of a [Key Distribution Center (KDC)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/secauthn/key-distribution-center)

The following process takes place in kerberos:
1. The initial _Authentication Server Request_ (AS_REQ) contains a timestamp encrypted using a hash derived from the current user's username and password.
2. When the service receives the request, it looks up the password hash associated with that user and attempts to decrypt the timestamp. 
3. If the decryption process is successful and the timestamp is not a duplicate (a potential replay attack), the authentication is considered successful.
4. The service replies to the client with an _Authentication Server Reply_ (AS_REP), which contains a session key (since Kerberos is stateless) and a _Ticket Granting Ticket_ (TGT).
5. The session key is encrypted using the user's password hash, which the client could decrypt and reuse.
6. The TGT contains user information (including group memberships), the domain, a timestamp, the IP address of the client, and the session key.
7. In order to avoid tampering, the TGT is encrypted by a secret key known only to the KDC and can not be decrypted by the client.
8. Once the client has received the session key and the TGT, the KDC considers the client authentication complete.
(By default, the TGT will be valid for 10 hours. During this time, the user is not required to retype the password and the TGT can be renewed without entering the password.)
9. The client constructs a _Ticket Granting Service Request_ (TGS_REQ) packet that consists of the current user and a timestamp (encrypted using the session key), the SPN of the resource, and the encrypted TGT.
10. The ticket granting service on the KDC receives the TGS_REQ, and if the SPN exists in the domain, the TGT is decrypted using the secret key known only to the KDC.
11. The session key is then extracted from the decrypted TGT, and this key is used to decrypt the username and timestamp of the request. If the TGT has a valid timestamp (no replay detected and the request has not expired), the TGT and session key usernames match, and the origin and TGT IP addresses match, the request is accepted.
12. The ticket granting service responds to the client with a _Ticket Granting Server Reply_ (TGS_REP). This packet contains three parts:
		- The SPN to which access has been granted.
		- A session key to be used between the client and the SPN.
		- A service ticket containing the username and group memberships along with the newly-created session key.
13. The first two parts (the SPN and session key) are encrypted using the session key associated with the creation of the TGT and the service ticket is encrypted using the password hash of the service account registered with the target SPN.
14. Once the authentication process with the KDC is complete and the client has both a session key and a service ticket, service authentication begins.
15. The client sends an _Application Request_ (AP_REQ), which includes the username and a timestamp encrypted with the session key associated with the service ticket along with the service ticket itself.
16. The service decrypts the service ticket using its own password hash, extracts the session key from it, and decrypts the supplied username.(If the usernames match, the request is accepted.)
17. Before access is granted, the service inspects the supplied group memberships in the service ticket and assigns appropriate permissions to the user, after which the user may make use of the service as required.